				This program analyzes inputs and outputs from a mixer to identify frequencies that could fold back into the passband. 
				
				The program assumes that an RF frequency is fed into a mixer along with an LO frequency which generates an IF output frequency 
				The IF frequency may either be the sum RF+LO or the difference of RF-LO. 
				
				
				Its a work in progress and any 'constructive' feed back regarding its accuracy would be appreciated.  
				I would very much like to make this program accurate as possible. 
				
				
				First, enter the RF frequency along with the bandwidth expected for the frequency.  It is best to enter the middle frequency 
				 of the BAND  (e.g. 7150000). For bandwidth, it is best to enter the entire bandwidth of the BAND (e.g. 250000) 
				

				Next, enter the IF frequency that is expected to be generated along with the bandwidth of the IF signal. If the IF is feeding 
				a crystal filter, then enter the filter centre frequency and the bandwidth of the crystal filter (e.g. 3000) 
				

				You now select how the IF is generated. Select the sum (RF+LO) or difference (RF-LO) button.  The program will automatically 
				calculate the LO frequency. 
				

				You can specific if the LO frequency will have 3 or 5 harmonics that will mix with RF.  For a square wave use 5 for a sine wave (dirty) use 3 harmonics.
				

				If the radio will have a BPF as part of the Transmit (TX) chain, select the BPF analysis button and then enter the appoximate  
				bandwidth.  The bandwidth sould be 1/2 of the approximate bandwidth of the BPF (e.g. 500000, 1500000, etc).  The bandwidth is used identify if any 
				mixed artifacts are folded back within the BPF filter bandwidth of the specified RF BAND (i.e. passband of RF +/- RF_Bandwidth +/- BPF_Bandwidth).   
				

				Finally, select the type of analysis needed.  Harmonic Analysis only means that harmonics of the LO and BFO will be mixed  
				together to see if any frequencies fold back to interfere with the RF frequency or the IF frequency during Receive (Rx) or 
				Transmit (Tx). 
				

				The Harmonic & Byproduct analysis will  identify if any of the LO/RF/IF mixed artifacts will further mix with each other and interfere 
				with the RF or IF.  I don't believe that mixing byproduct mix together in a mixer otherwise this would be an infinite solution problem.  
				In majority of cases these frequencies are so high that their power level will be very small and may be noise. Also, your filters will  
				typically remove any of this components. That is it may not be strong enough to cause interference. 
				
				
				Each harmonic is typicall reduced by a certain amount of db.  You can specify how much subsequent harmonics would be down via the  
				'Harmonic dB Atten' field.  This is used to approximate the power of mixed byproduct. If mixing byproducts can futher mix, then + 
				amound of loss for each round of mixing is weaker by the 'Conv Loss' field.  This values are EXPERIMENTAL and should not be taken  
				at face value.  This is a work in progress and the values should not be trusted.
				
				
				Software (c) VE3OOI. All rights reserved and provided 'as is', without warranty or support of any kind;
		